Updated to support no-dfiu comment processing to ignore DFIU PRs (#304)
salesforce/dockerfile-image-update: README.md

  -f, --auto-merge             NOT IMPLEMENTED / set to automatically merge pull requests if available
  -m PULL_REQ_MESSAGE          message to provide for pull requests
  -c COMMIT_MESSAGE            additional commit message for the commits in pull requests

>   -x IGNORE_PR_COMMENT         comment to process after FROM instruction for ignoring PR creation, if empty, 'no-dfiu' will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -x IGNORE_IMAGE_STRING         comment snippet after FROM instruction for ignoring a child image. Defaults to 'no-dfiu'
```

Author: Done

  -h, --help             show this help message and exit
```

### Skip An Image

> In case you want the tool to skip updating a particular image tag then add a comment `no-dfiu` after the `FROM` declaration in the Dockerfile. The tool will process the comment following `FROM` declaration and if `no-dfiu` is mentioned, pull request for that image tag will be ignored. You can use an alternate comment string by passing an additional command line parameter `-x IGNORE_PR_COMMENT`. In that case string mentioned with the parameter, will be used for skipping PR creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want the tool to skip updating a particular image tag then add a comment `no-dfiu` after the `FROM` declaration in the Dockerfile. The tool will process the comment following `FROM` declaration and if `no-dfiu` is mentioned, pull request for that image tag will be ignored. You can use an alternate comment string by passing an additional command line parameter `-x IGNORE_IMAGE_STRING`. In that case string mentioned with the parameter, will be used for skipping PR creation.
```

Author: Done
